back again YouTube for a little update
video I finally bought an exhaust kit
for my derp max I was contemplating on
the 4 inch or 5 inch but I went ahead
and got the 5 inch because I don't know
how far I'm going to go with the truck
eventually so I went with the diamond
high performance aluminized 5 inch kit
it was the best bang for the buck per se
got my truck here about to get it up on
the lift and we're going to do some work
so just for a little comparison I got
the 5 inch tailpipe sitting over here by
the stock exhaust so I mean the video
doesn't really do any justice but it is
freaking massive but uh I'll do a little
before and after video of it crank it up
and see what you guys think
here's with a stock exhaust cat and
muffler
you
sounds awesome